if i was going to build a human from scratch, this is how i would do it
step 1: the brain
step 2: the nerves
stretch the nerves out from the brain; now you have a brain-jellyfish.
step 3: the bones
this is an important part. now you must institute the bones, all 206 of them (3 in each inner ear; 26 in each foot; 27 in each hand etc etc.) the bones will attach to each other using ligaments and theres lovely cartilage on the end of the bones. the little pockets that the meeting ends of bone will eventually create will be filled with lovely synovial oil.
the spine will house the nerves and each vertebrae will have nerves sticking out of it.
lovely content within the blood will come out of the bones so we mustnt forget them.
step 4: muscles
get the other organs, like liver and stomache and all that, and place them near the bones where theyre supposed to go.
you have to put them in in the right order, so simultaneously you get the muscles, wrap them in epimysium, then stretch them out and stick them to the bones and suck them into the bone using tendons. the nerves will pour over and through the epimysium, and theres space there so the blood will eventually do the same.
its about 400 muscles. some of them will wrap over the organs like how the abdominal muscles will weave over the stomache like some sort of plaid weave or something
cant forget about the heart either. the blood reaches all parts of the body through blood vessels and the heart makes sure that there is a bloodflow in all those vessels, because it has to become oxygenated by the lungs. lymph that is squeezed out of the blood needs to be returned to the heart too, so we need a lymphatic system.
lovely content within the blood will come out of the organs so we musnt forget them.
step 5: fascia
wrap all the muscles up in deep fascia so theyre extra stretchy and bouncy.
step 6: fat
cover everything in a fatty layer, and in that fatty layer we have blood vessels which will spread thin into capilliaries which will find the fascia and epimysium and allow blood to pour over the muscles.
step 7: skin
cover everything with skin and hair and a microbiome.

lets think about the bones in the head.
lets imagine the nose is made of an upper and lower hallway that goes into the face.
lets focus on the upper hallway.
the front door of the upper hallway is the nasal bones.
does it have a floor? not really
does it have side walls? yes.
the lacrimal bones are the side walls if you walk down the hallways a little bit. at first its maxilla.
keep going down the hall and the side walls change from lacrimal bone to ethmoid bone and ethmoid middle nasal choncha
on the otherside of those walls is the ethmoid orbital plate – outside the hallway.
the ceiling at this point is the ethmoid bone, which has holes in it
keep going down the hall a bit and you find the perpendicular plate of the ethmoid bone
it connects to the vomer in the lower hallway
before that you see the superior nasal choncha from the ethmoid on the lateral wall, and its up behind the orbit
and right at the back wall you hit the sphenoid body – with the sphenoid sinus inside
in the lower hallway;
the floor is the palatine process of the maxilla
as you walk down the hallway
the two thirds of it are the maxilla
the final third is palatine bone
somwhere in the middle attached to the walls are the inferior nasal choncha
there is no ceiling
there is a divider on the midline floor, thats the vomer
behind these upper and lower hallways, the walls become the palatine bone
and the floor becomes the palatine bone too
keep going into the lower hallway; which you can its just split in two by the vomer
and the perpedicular plate of the ethmoid at the upper hallway
anyway you will eventually hit the sphenoid bone
and then the occipital bone
and also the frickin spine
then the hallway goes down and meets the pharynx
lets imagine the eye socket; a.k.a the orbit; as a hallway too:
when you enter the hallway, at the very entrance the floor is maxilla the lateral wall is zygomatic bone
the medial wall is the lacrimal bone
the ceiling is frontal bone. thats the first half.
as you walk further into the hallway you are greeted with the greater wing of the sphenoid bone at the lateral side of the hallway and the floor of the hallway, and the lesser wing at the ceiling.
on the medial side you have the ethmoid bone. thats the second half.
theres a tiny little slip of palatine bone on the lateral wall too, underneath the ethmoid part
its a closed hallway but there is an opening; its the superior and inferior orbital fissure
understanding the sphenoid bone:
from my understanding, this is the sphenoid bone:
it has three processes
one is the greater wing which creates part of the shape of the middle cranial fossa with the temporal bones and the lateral wall of the orbit
one is the lesser wing which forms the back wall of the roof of the orbit
one is the pterygoid process which comes behind the palatine bone and is split into the medial and lateral pterygoid processes
the sphenoid body is hollow on the inside. thats the sphenoid sinus.
the oral hallway:
the floor is the tongue which is a very big muscle
then the walls are mandible
and the ceiling is maxilla and then “soft palate” which isnt bone
as for the rest of the bones in the face:
you can think of it as having three sections.
the anterior cranial fossa
the middle cranial fossa
and the posterior cranial fossa
the anterior cranial fossa has the frontal bone, with the ethmoid bone in the centre
the middle cranial fossa has the pareital bones on the side and the sphenoid bone in the middle, and also some of the occipital bone
the occipital bone is like a bowl with the hole for the neck in the centre and that hole is in the middle cranial fossa
the posterior cranial fossa has the pareital bones continued on the sides and is mostly the occipital bone 
which carries the back of the brain
as far as the face is concerned
the mandible is the lower jaw
the zygomatic bones are the cheek bones
which sit on top of the maxillae, which are the bones for the upper mouth and make up the front part of the hard palate too
and the hyoid bone sits in the middle of the beck suspended by muscles.
so in summation thats
frontal bone
parietal bones
temporal bones
occipital bones
sphenoid bone
ethmoid bone
and then
maxillae
zygomatic bones
lacrimal bones
palatine bones
inferior nasal chonchae
vomer
mandible
hyoid bone.
lets think about the muscles in the head now.
covering the whole top of the head we have the epicranial aponeurosis which is like a sheet of tendinous material covering the whole top of the head back round to the occipital. and on that sheet we have the frontalis muscles at the front above the eyelids, the occipitalis muscles at the back-bottom at the occipital bone, and the tempororoparietalis muscles at the side from the side of the frontalis muscles where they stop to the ear.
underneath the tempororopareitalis muscle you have the temporalis muscle which stretches from the edge of the mandible by the upper teeth up and fans out into the side of the head. mind you at the side of the head there you got the temporal bone, sphenoid bone (greater wing), then some frontal bone and some pareital bone. dont forget that.
there are a few muscles that go on top of that temporalis muscle. we have the temporopareitalis like we said. but that temporopareitalis muscle sits above the the auricular muscles.
we have the auricularis superior coming upwards like a fan from behind the ear. remember the ear comes out pointing backwards from the earhole. then we have the smaller auricularis anterior coming out from the top lil lobe of the ear pointing forwards. and we have the smaller  auricularis posterior coming out backwards from the middle of the main flap of the ear.
on the ridge of the ear we have a few little muscles, the helicus major at the top inbetween the auricular superior and auricularis anterior. and then we have the helicus minor beneath that beneath the auricularis anterior.
then we have the tragicus in the lil ridge right by the earhole. and we have the antitragicus opposite it in another luh ridge.
then we got the pyramidalis auricular muscle in the luh bean by the earhole.
we have the obliquus auricular muscle facing upwards connecting the luh top two luh bumps within the ear.
we have the transversus auricular muscle facing sideways connecting the luh inner and outer lumps of the ear.
the incisurae terminalis muscle is a rare luh muscle in the luh bean above the earhole. cheers.
anyway we mentioned the temporalis muscle, so we might aswell look at the other masticatory muscles.
we spoke about the temporalis. big ahh muscle with a big ahh tendon thats gon pull the mandible up — the jaw.
at the back connecting the maxilla and mandible we have the profound masseter muscle, and then slightly overlapping it and a bit forward we have the superficial masseter muscle.
now imagine the skull turned upside down. what u gonna see?
behind the maxilla's teeth u gonna see the later and medial pterygoid plates right? the lateral pterygoid plate stretches outwards right?
and then u gonna see where the mandible is coming up to meet the temporal bone right?
now u gon see two muscles one is a big sheet one a smaller sheet connecting them together. the big sheet is the inferior head of the lateral pterygoid muscle and the thinner sheet is the superior head of the lateral pterygoid muscle and its slightly more towards forward of the head.
they both at the back of the lateral pterygoid.
coming from the front of the lateral pterygoid muscles to the back of the mandible, the ridge, is the deep medial pterygoid muscle. the name is confusing because its not connected to the medial pterygoid, its just a medial muscle i guess.
anyway coming from the back of the maxilla next to the back teeth and a little bit of the palatine bone you have the superifical medial pterygoid muscle and it merges completely with the deep medial pterygoid muscles. thats why u call them two heads of the same muscle.
anyway lets move on to the facial, mimetic, muscles.
in the middle of the forehead we have the procerus that comes out like a fan from between the eyebrows onto the forehead.
on the ridge of the nose we have the transverse nasalis muscles that covers the top long part of the ridge of the nose from the sides of the nose, and underneath that covering the bottom shorter part of the ridge of the nose we have the alar nasalis muscles.
underneath the nose coming outwards like how the septum does we have the depressor septi nasi muscles.
now going to the orbit; the eyes; we have
the orbicular oculi orbitalis muscles which are like thick circular bands of muscles around the orbit. a sphincter
the orbicular oculi palpebralis is another circular band of muscles around the orbit split into two half moons and are thinner.
the orbicular oculi palpebralis profunda is a little arc around the rim of the eye.
now switching to the oris; the mouth; we have
the orbicular oris labialis which is a thinner band of muscle towards the edge of the lips, and the orbicular oris marginalis which is a thicker band of muscle behind that. these are two circular bands of muscle. a sphincter.
running alongside the oris covering the cheeks is the buccinator muscles, and covering those slightly more towards the oris are the levator angular oris (LAO), which as they go down towards the chin become the depressor angular oris (DAO).
the rest of the mimetic muscles are like bands that run from somewhere in the fact either towards the oris or the orbit, like roads to rome.
at the chin running up towards the oris (but not making it, staying at the chin) are the mentalis muscles
running across those are the transverse menti, but they are rare in humans.
just above the mentalis and inside the DAO line coming into the oris we have the depressor labii inferioris.
coming from the side of the nose coming into the oris straight down we have the LLSAN.
lateral to the LLSAN coming from the maxilla, lower down than the LLSAN, we have the LLS.
the LLSAN and the LLS come to the oris marginalis, but they dont reach the labialis.
same with the depressor labii inferioris.
the rest of the muscles kind of interweave with other muscles.
the corrugator supercilii muscle starts where the inner corner of the eyebrow and goes upwards under the frontalis muscle and crossing and blending with the orbicularis oculi to pull the brow down and in
the depressor supercilii muscle is underneath and interweaved with the orbicularis oculi starting from the inner corner of the eyebrow and pulls the eyebrow down
the zygomaticus major runs diagonally across the cheek, over the buccinator and levator anguli, to insert into the modiolus.
the zygomaticus minor runs diagonally, over the levator labii superioris, to insert into the upper lip skin.
the risorius runs horizontally from the cheek fascia, over the buccinator, to insert into the modiolus and skin.
the modiolus is the corner of the mouth.
next we have the muscles in the eye, they are in the eye's hallway.
the eyeball goes in the eye's hallway, and it has muscles associated with it's movement.
the rectus superior goes above the eye and runs into the hallway. the rectus inferior goes below the eye and runs into the hallway.
they pull the eye up and down.
the rectus lateralis goes on the lateral side of the eye, running into the hallway
and the rectus medialis goes on the medial side of the eye, running into the hallway
and they pull the eye laterally and medially.
the obliquus inferior goes below the eye and runs obliquely from the bottom of the eye to the lateral side of the eye.
it pulls the eye.
the obliquus superior goes above the eye and runs obliquely from the top of the, and is pulled round a loop called the trochlea at the medial top corner of the eye's hallway.
it pulls the eye.
there is a small muscle above the rectus superior that goes right into the eyelid called the levator palpebrae superioris. it goes into the hallway.
it's not strictly responsible for opening the eyelid. thats the frontalis. its just a minor muscle.
going to the inner ear now,
in the inner ear we have the tensor tympani muscle which is tiny and pulls the eardrum
and the stapedius muscle which is tiny and connects some of the inner ear bones
lets look at the inner ear in more detail shall we? theres three bones in there.
cheers.
lets look at the soft palate now.
the muscles in the soft palate all centre around the palatine aponeurosis, and kind of spider out from there down to the tongue and around in the head.
the palatoglossus muscles are the front legs coming down to round the centre of the tongue
the anterior and posterior palatopharyngeus muscles are the back legs coming into the pharynx behind the hyoglossus. the anterior is thicker.
the uvula has a pair of muscles that moves it during swallowing
the tensor vali palatini bends around the pterygoid hamulus which is a loop and the muscles go upward to the eustacian tube. tensing the soft palate and opening the eustacian tubes.
the levator vali palatini go upward to the eustacian tube and are responsible for moving the soft palate upwards. 
lets look at the tongue now.
the way to visualise the tongue is like this.
the tongue is like a italian dish; its like a lasagne; and a very long lasagna.
in the lasagne we have the lasagne sheets which is the lingual aponeurosis
then we have three layers of meat inside (with a dividing wall of aponeurosis in the middle)
the top layer of meat is the superior longitudinal lingual muscles
the middle layer of meat is the transverse and verticle lingual muscles, which overlap with each other
the bottom layer is the inferior longitudinal lingual muscles
underneath the main tongue is the styloglossus; underneath the lasagne; which pulls it back all and upward all the way to the condyle.
the condyle ball is where the mandible meets the maxilla btw. should have mentioned that earlier.
underneath that we have the thick genioglossus which holds the lasagna pulling it forward towards the lower mandible.
and above and laterally to the sides of that theres the thick hyoglossus muscles which holds the lasagna pulling it backwards and down towards the hyoid bone
the back part of the hyglossus is the ceratoglossus.
the chrondroglossus are slightly smaller muscles that does the same function, pulling the tongue towards the front parts of the hyoid.
in total we have,
from the epicranium,
frontalis muscles
occipitalis muscles
temporoparietalis muscles
from the ear,
auricularis anterior muscles
auricularis superior muscles
auricularis posterior muscles
helicis major muscles
helicis minor muscles
tragicus muscles
antitragicus muscles
transverse auriculae muscles
obliquus auriculae muscles
pyramidalis auriculae muscles
incisurae terminalis muscles
the masticatory muscles,
superficial masseter muscles
profound masseter muscles
temporalis muscles
superior head lateral pterygoidus muscles
inferior head lateral pterygoidus muscles
profound head medial pterygoidus muscles
superficial head medial pterygoidus muscles
from the face - the mimetic muscles,
procerus muscles
transerve nasalis muscles
alar nasalis muscles
depressor septi nasi muscles
palpebral orbicularis oculi muscles
orbital orbicularis oculi muscles
profound palepbral obricularis oculi muscles
corrugator supercilii muscles
depressor supercilli muscles
marginal orbicularis oculi muscles
labial orbicularis oculi muscles
depressor anguli oris muscles which are also known as the DAO
transverse menti muscles
risorius muscles
major zygomaticus muscles
minor zygomaticus muscles
levator labii superioris muscles which is also known as the LLS
levator nasolabialis muscles which is also known as the LLSAN (levator labii superioris alaque nasi)
depressor labii inferioris muscles
levator anguli oris muscles which is also known as the LAO
bucinator muscles
mentalis muscles
from the eyes,
rectus superior muscles
rectus inferior muscles
rectus medialis muscles
rectus lateralis muscles
obliquus superior muscles
obliquus inferior muscles
levator palpebrae superioris muscles
from the inner ear,
tensor tympani muscles
and the stapedius muscles
from the soft palate,
levator veli palatini muscles
tensor veli palatini muscles
uvulae muscles
palatoglossus muscles
anterior fascicle palatopharyngeus muscles
posterior fascicle palatopharyngeus muscles
from the tongue,
genioglossus muscles
hyoglossus muscles
chondroglossus muscles
ceratoglossus muscles
styloglossus muscles
inferior longitudinal lingual muscles
superior longitudinal lingual muscles
transverse lingual muscles
vertical lingual muscles

now let's look at the neck.
the bones in the neck are the bones C1 to C7 from the spine. 
they look like small cylinders with wings that span backwards.
C1 is specially called the atlas and C2 is called the axis seperating them nomically from the rest.
altas
axis
c3
c4
c5
c6
c7
now. as far the muscles are concerned.
the pharynx is the throat.

the larynx is the voicebox.
in total its
[ ] the pharyngeal muscles,
superior pharyngis constrictor muscles and its 4 parts
medius pharyngis contrictor muscles and its 2 parts
inferior pharyngis constrictor muscles and its 2 parts
stylopharyngeus muscles
salpingopharyngeus muscles
[ ] the laryngeal muscles,
cricothyreodideus muscles and its parts
posterior cricoarytenoideus muscles and its parts
lateral cricoarytenoideus muscles and its parts
thyreoarytenoideus muscles and its parts
vocalis muscles
oblique arytenoideus muscles
transverse arytenoideus muscles
[ ] the superficial neck and platysma muscles,
platysma muscles
sternocleidomastoideus muscles and its parts
[ ] the suprahyoid muscles,
digastricus muscles and its parts
stylohyoideus muscles
mylohyoideus muscles
geniohyoideus muscles
[ ] the infrahyoid muscles,
sternohyoideus muscles
omohyoideus muscles and its parts
sternothyreoideus muscles
thyreohyoideus muscles
[ ] the prevertebral neck muscles, they come before the rest of the spine
colli longus muscles
capitis longus muscles
anterior rectus capitis muscles
lateralis rectus capitis muscles

now that we've done the bones and muscles, lets think about veins and nerves as a whole. for the most part the nerves aren't really visible. but some of the veins are because they are quite thick. so lets go over them.